.nh
.TH "GH-SEARCH" "1" "Aug 2025" "GitHub CLI 2.78.0" "GitHub CLI manual"

.SH NAME
gh-search - Search for repositories, issues, and pull requests


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgh search <command> [flags]\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
Search across all of GitHub.

.PP
Excluding search results that match a qualifier

.PP
In a browser, the GitHub search syntax supports excluding results that match a search qualifier
by prefixing the qualifier with a hyphen. For example, to search for issues that
do not have the label "bug", you would use \fB-label:bug\fR as a search qualifier.

.PP
\fBgh\fR supports this syntax in \fBgh search\fR as well, but it requires extra
command line arguments to avoid the hyphen being interpreted as a command line flag because it begins with a hyphen.

.PP
On Unix-like systems, you can use the \fB--\fR argument to indicate that
the arguments that follow are not a flag, but rather a query string. For example:

.PP
$ gh search issues -- "my-search-query -label:bug"

.PP
On PowerShell, you must use both the \fB--%\fR argument and the \fB--\fR argument to
produce the same effect. For example:

.PP
$ gh --% search issues -- "my search query -label:bug"

.PP
See the following for more information:
- GitHub search syntax: 
\[la]https://docs.github.com/en/search\-github/getting\-started\-with\-searching\-on\-github/understanding\-the\-search\-syntax#exclude\-results\-that\-match\-a\-qualifier\[ra]
- The PowerShell stop parse flag \fB--%\fR: 
\[la]https://learn.microsoft.com/en\-us/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_parsing?view=powershell\-7.5#the\-stop\-parsing\-token\[ra]
- The Unix-like \fB--\fR argument: 
\[la]https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/bash.html#Shell\-Builtin\-Commands\-1\[ra]


.SH AVAILABLE COMMANDS
.TP
\fBgh-search-code(1)\fR
Search within code

.TP
\fBgh-search-commits(1)\fR
Search for commits

.TP
\fBgh-search-issues(1)\fR
Search for issues

.TP
\fBgh-search-prs(1)\fR
Search for pull requests

.TP
\fBgh-search-repos(1)\fR
Search for repositories


.SH EXIT CODES
0: Successful execution

.PP
1: Error

.PP
2: Command canceled

.PP
4: Authentication required

.PP
NOTE: Specific commands may have additional exit codes. Refer to the command's help for more information.


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgh(1)\fR
